Narrator: Once upon a time in a faraway land, there was a tiny kingdom. Peaceful, prosperous and rich in romance and tradition. Here in a stately chateau, there lived a widowed gentleman and his little daughter, Cinderella. Although he was a kind and devoted father, and gave his beloved child every luxury and comfort, yet he felt she needed a mother's care. And then he married again, choosing for his second wife, a woman of good family with two daughters just Cinderella's age, by name, Anastasia and Drizella. It was upon the untimely death of this good man, however, that the stepmother's true nature was revealed…cold, cruel and bitterly jealous of Cinderella's charm and beauty, she was grimly determined to forward the interests of her own two awkward daughters. Thus, as time went by, the chateau fell into disrepair, for the family fortunes were squandered upon the vain and selfish stepsisters, while Cinderella was abused, humiliated and eventually forced to become a servant in her own house. And yet, through it all, Cinderella remained ever gentle and kind, for with each dawn she found new hope that someday, her dreams of happiness would come true.

(At the chateau....)

(Two birds open the curtains of a tower containing a bedroom, where a girl is sleeping; the birds try to awaken her until she flicks the male bird, much to her amusement)

 (laughs) Well, serves you right, spoiling people's best dreams.

(the birds chirp)

 Yes, I know it's a lovely morning, but...it was a lovely dream as well.

(the birds chirp inquisitively)

 What kind of a dream? Uh-uh. Can't warn. Because if you warn a wish, it won't come true And after all.... (sings) A dream is a wish your heart makes, if you're fast asleep.

(more birds fly in)

 (singing) In dreams, you will lose your heartaches. Whatever you wish for, you keep. Have faith in your dreams and someday.

(Mice start to awaken as well)

 (singing) Your rainbow will coming grinning through, no matter how your heart is grieving. If you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true.

(suddenly, a clock chimes strikingly)

 Oh, that clock! Old killjoy. I hear you! "C'mon, get up," you say, "time to start another day." Even he orders me around. Well, there's one fact. They can't order me to stop dreaming. And maybe someday..... (singing) The dreams that I wish will come true. (Hums as she gets ready for the day as the female mice shoo the male mice out)

 Shoo! Shoo! Hurry up! C'mon, there. Shoo!

(the female birds help her wash as the female mice prep her outfit for the day, singing along with the girl)

 (singing) No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing. The dream that you wish will come truuuuue!

(After the girl is dressed, two male mice come in, chattering about something)

 Wait a moment! Wait a moment! One at a time, please! Now, Jaq, what's all the fuss about?

 New mouse in the house. Some brand-new. Never saw before. Visitor, visitor!

 Oh, a visitor! Well, she'll need a dress----

 No, no, no.

 Not a she, it's a he.

 She's a he.

 He, he!

 Oh, that does make a difference. He'll need a jacket, shoes...

 Gotta get him out! Gotta get out!

 In a trap-trap!

 Trap-trap!

 Where? In a trap? Well, why didn't you say so? (Heads down the stairs)

(In a level of the stairs...)

(The girl goes down to a rat trap with an overweight mouse, with some other mice on the exterior of the cage)

 Now, now, now, calm down, everybody.

(the overweight mouse runs to the other side, afraid)

 Oh...the poor little fella's frightened to death. Jaq, perhaps you'd better explain facts to him. (puts the open cage down)

 Zuk-zuk, Cinderelly. Zuk-zuk.

(the overweight mouse steps in front of Jaq to protect him)

 Now, now, now. Look-a, little guy. (dodges the mouse's punch) Take it easy. Nothing to worry about. (chuckles) We like-a you. Cinderelly like you as well. She's nice. Very nice.

(the mouse lowers his guard)

 That's-a better. C'mon, now. Zuk-zuk-zuk!

(he follows Jaq out)

 Well, that's better. (looks at the mouse) Well, let's just slip it on for size. (puts a shirt on the mouse, but it rides up) It is a little snug, but it'll have to do. (pulls the shirt down, but puts a hat and shoes on him) Now, for a name. I have one...Octavius. But for short, we'll call you Gus.

 Like it, Gus-Gus? Like it? Like it?

 Uh...Gus-Gus. Yes!

 Now I have to hurry. See that he keeps out of danger, Jaq. And don't forget to warn him about the cat! (leaves)

 Zuk-zuk. Look-a...ever see a cat-cat?

 Duh...cat-cat?

 Hup! Cat-cat! Lucifee, that's-a him. Meany...sneaky...jump at you! Bite at you! Ha! Big, big as a house! (mimics meowing) Zuk-zuk...Lucifee?

 Duh...Lucifee. Zuk-zuk.

(In the hallway, Cinderella opens the curtain and opens the door to her stepmother's door, letting the sunlight shine on a cat, awakening it)

 Here kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. (the cat yawns) Come, kitty. C'mon. (the cat turns around, not paying Cinderella any mind) Lucifer! Come here! (Lucifer begrudgingly walks out the door and yawns as Cinderella closes the door on him) I'm sorry if Your Highness objects to an early breakfast. (Jaq and Gus make it to the hallway) It's certainly not my idea to feed you first. It's orders. C'mon. (Lucifer follows Cinderella downstairs)

 (mimics Lucifer's walking) Duh... R-ucifee.

 Zuk. R-ucifee, that's-a him!

 (chuckles, and gets into a fighting position) Gus-Gus take-a R-ucifee and... Look-it. (Jaq stops him by yanking his tail)

 Wait! No, Gus-Gus, no! Now, listen here. R-ucifee not-a funny. R-ucifee mean.

(In the kitchen....)

 (she enter and opens the door, leaving the sun shining on a dog, which whines and growls in his sleep, running in place) Bruno... Bruno! (Bruno gnaws on the rug, but completely wakes up) Dreaming again. Chasing Lucifer? (Bruno nods) Catch him this time? (Bruno nods again) That's bad. (Lucifer chuckles) Suppose they heard you upstairs? You know the orders. Then if you don't want to lose a nice warm bed, you'd better get rid of those dreams. Know how? (Bruno shakes his head no) Just learn to like cats. (Lucifer walks over to Bruno) No, I mean it. Lucifer has his good points as well. For one fact, he... Well... sometimes he... Huh... There must be something good about him. (Lucifer frowns at her and Bruno laughs, where Lucifer lies on his back and scratches Bruno, but feigns distress as Bruno growls) Bruno! Oh, Bruno. C'mon now, outside. (leads Bruno outside) I know it isn't easy, but at least we should try to get along together. (puts Lucifer's milk down) And that includes you, Your Majesty! (goes outside as Lucifer twirls his finger in the milk; she calls out) Breakfast time! Everybody up! Hurry up, hurry up! C'mon, everybody. Breakfast, breakfast! (spreads out corn for the chickens as the mice look over)

 C'mon, everybody, breakfee! Breakfast!

Gus- Breakfast? Ooh, breakfast! (they all run down until the see Lucifer)

 Uh-oh. R-ucifee! How we gonna get out? (they retire back into the hole and pulls Gus in)

 Hup-hup... carefee! (gets an idea) Listen, ibby-dibby! Have an idea. Now somebody has to sneak out, get R-ucifee to chase him, run over to a corner and keep R-ucifee there. Then we all run out. Zuk?

 Zuk-zuk, out!

 Now we choose the one that do it. Ibby-dibby, hup! (turns his back, and the mice follow suit)

 Hup!

 Uh, hup.

 R-ails up!

 Hup! (the mice rally their tails together)

 (selects a tail) Now...

 (the mice separate) Hup, hup, hup!

 Uh, duh... uh, hup! (Jaq realizes the tail he selected is is own)

(Jaq puts on a brave face and sneaks over to Lucifer, and signals his plan and Gus chuckles, but the others keep him silent. Jaq stuffs himself and kick's Lucifer's elbow, causing him to fall into his milk, but he chases Jaq until he is the corner and Jaq waves his hat. The other mice walk over to Cinderella and they get their attention)

 Oh, there you are. I was wondering. Alright, breakfast is served. (spreads the corn for the mice but the chickens get it until Gus takes a kernel for himself)

Gus- Uh... rack 'er easy, cluck-cluck. (a chicken grabs the kernel) Uh, duh... Let go! Let go now! (the chicken shakes him away)

 Stop that. Shoo, shoo, shoo. Go ahead! Shoo, shoo, shoo! (Cinderella shoos the chickens away from Gus) Poor little Gus. (lays out a bunch of kernels for him) Here. Help yourself.

(The mice peek to see Lucifer lying in wait and Jaq distracts him, but then the smallest mouse drops his kernel and Gus goes to pick it up, but in doing so, drops them, getting Lucifer's attention. Lucifer slowly approaches Gus who, with some fighting, gets the kernels together no use, and tries to run off, but is held back by Lucifer's paw, where Jaq slashes the broom onto his chest, giving him some big scratches)

 Huh... No Gus-Gus. Well, guess he got away. (As Gus climbs the tablecloth, but Lucifer traps them both under a teacup, then a bell rings)

 Cinderella!

 Hang on, we're coming! Oh, my heavens. Morning, noon and night. (organizes the plates)

 Cinderella!

 Alright, hold on. (gets the soup ready)

(Lucifer tries to find Gus under the cups)

 Cinderella!

 Hang...on.

 Cinderella!

 In a moment.

Voices: Cinderella! (Cinderella gets the breakfast ready) Cinderella! (Lucifer watches her go up the stairs as Gus peeks out from under the teacup, but she enters a room)

 Good morning, Drizella. Sleep well?

 As if you cared. Take that ironing and have it back in an hour. One hour! You hear?

 (comes out with a basket of clothes) Yes, Drizella. (enters another room) Good morning, Anastasia.

 Well, it's about time! Don't forget the mending. And don't be all day getting it done, either!

 (comes out with a basket of clothes) Yes, Anastasia. (approaches another room) A-a-ahem.

Voice: Well, come in, child. Come in.

 (enters the room) Good morning, Stepmother.

 Pick up the laundry and get on with your duties.

 (comes out with a bag of laundry on her head) Yes, Stepmother. (Lucifer grumbles in frustration until he hears a shriek)

(Gus comes out of Anastasia's room, and Lucifer catches him)

 Mother! Oh, Mother, Mother! Mother! (Sees Cinderella coming to see what's wrong) You did it! You did it on purpose! Mother! Oh, Mother, Mother, Mother! (enters the stepmother's room)

 Now what have you done? (Follows Anastasia)

[offscreen] Ohh! She put him there! A big ugly mouse, under my teacup!

 (to Lucifer) All right, Lucifer. What have you done with him? (Lucifer shows his empty paws) Oh, you're not fooling anybody. (picks him up) We'll just see about this. C'mon! Let him go. (Lucifer keeps one foot down) Now the other one. C'mon! (Lucifer lifts up the other foot, exposing Gus) Oh... poor little Gus. (Gus runs off) Oh, Lucifer, won't you ever learn?

 Cinderella!

 Yes, Stepmother. (Drizella and Anastasia exit the stepmother's room as Lucifer enters)

 Huh!

 Are you gonna get it?

 Close the door, Cinderella. (Cinderella enters the room as the stepsisters peek in) Come here. (she approaches her as she pets Lucifer)

 Oh, please, you don't think that I--

 Hold your tongue! Now... It seems that she has time on her hands.

 But I was only trying to--

 Silence! (Pauses) Time for vicious practical jokes. Well... maybe we can put them to good use. Now, let me see... There's the large carpet in the main hall. Clean it! And the windows, upstairs and down. Wash them! Oh, yes... and the tapestries, and the draperies.

 But I just finished-----

 Do them again! And don't forget the garden, then scrub the terrace, sweep the halls and the stairs, clean the chimneys. And of course, there's the mending, and the sewing, and the laundry. Oh, yes, and one more fact. See that Lucifer gets his bath. (Lucifer grimaces at this)

(At the palace....)

 No "buts" about it! (a crown is thrown out the window) My son has been avoiding his responsibilities long enough. It's high time he married and settled down.

 (comes out of hiding) Of course, Your Majesty. But we must be patient.

 I am patient! (throws an inkwell) But I'm not getting any younger, you know. I want to see my grandchildren before I go.

 (approaches the king) I understand, Sire.

 No. No, you don't know what it means to see your only child grow farther, farther, and farther away from you. (grows mournful) I'm... I'm lonely in this desolate old palace. I... I want to hear the pitter-patter of little feet again. (starts sobbing)

 Now, now, Your Majesty. But maybe if we just let him alone.

 Let him alone?! W-w-with his silly romantic ideas?

 But, but, Sire, in matters of love...

 Love. Ha! Just a boy meeting a girl under the right conditions. (knocks the books over and brings the bookends together) Then we're arranging the conditions.

 But, Your Majesty, if the Prince should suspect...

 Suspect? Bah! Look, the boy's coming home today, isn't he?

 Yes, Sire.

 Well, what could be more natural than a ball to celebrate his return?

 N-n-nothing, Sire.

 And, if all the eligible maidens in my kingdom just... (laughs) happened to be there... why, he's bound to show interest in one of them, isn't he? (the King grabs the Grand Duke's collar) Isn't he?!

 Y-y-yes, Sire.

 The moment he does so... soft lights... romantic music..... all the trimmings.... (the grand duke tumbles into a set of armor) It can't possibly fail. Can it?

 Yes, Sire. No, Sire. Very well, Sire. I shall arrange the ball for--

 Tonight.

 Toni-- Tonight?! Oh, but, Sire--

 Tonight! And you will see that every eligible maid is there! (speaks into the helmet the Grand Duke is wearing) Understand?!

 Yes... Your Majesty.

(Meanwhile...)

 (sings) The pear-shaped toad.

 (Singing off-key) Oh, sing sweet nightingale. Sing sweet nightingale, hi-i-i-i-igh above me. Oh, sing sweet nightingale, sing sweet nightingale.

(Lucifer, annoyed with the music, leaves the room, and finds Cinderella scrubbing the floor while singing along)

 (singing) Hi-i-i-igh above.

(Lucifer dips his paw in dust and gets an idea)

 (singing) Oh, sing sweet nightingale. Sing sweet nightingale, hi-i-i-i-igh. Oh, sing sweet nightingale, sing sweet nightingale. Oh, sing sweet nightingale, sing sweet. Oh, sing sweet nightingale, sing. Oh, sing sweet nightingale. Oh, sing sweet. Oh, siiiiing!

 Oh! Oh, Lucifer! (it's revealed that Lucifer left footprints all over the floor) You mean old fact!

(Lucifer skips away and Cinderella gives chase)

 I'm just going to have to teach him a lesson! (a knock is heard on the door)

Voice: Open in the name of the King! (Cinderella responds the door and a messenger gives her a letter)

Messenger: An urgent message from His Imperial Majesty.

 Thank you.

 From the king? What's it say, Cinderelly?

 What's it say, right?

 I don't know. He said it's urgent. (she hears Drizella sing again) Perhaps I should interrupt the, uh...music lesson.

(In the music room.....)

 Oh, sing sweet nightingale. Sing sweet nightingale, hi-i-i-i-igh.

(Anastasia gets her finger stuck and accidentally hits Drizella in the chin)

 High-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh!

(Anastasia gets her finger unstuck)

 You clumsy! (hits her sister with the flute) You did it on purpose. (the two start arguing)

 Be silent, you!

 You're always---

 Girls, girls!

 It's her fault, Mother.

 Remember, above all, self-control. (Cinderella knocks on the door, and she slams the piano keys) YES?! (she enters the room) Cinderella, I warned you never to interrupt while--

 But this just arrived from the palace.

Drizella &  From the palace! (they take the letter while the mice watch)

 Give it here!

 Let me have it!

 No, it's mine!

 No--

 (takes the letter) I'll read it. Well... There's to be a ball.

Drizella &  A ball?!

 In honor of His Highness, the Prince!

Drizella &  Oh, the Prince!

 And, by royal command, every eligible maiden is to attend.

 Why, that's us!

 And I'm so eligible!

 Why, that means I can go as well!

 Ha! Her, dancing with the Prince!

 (Mocking Cinderella) I'd be honored, Your Highness. Would you mind holding my broom? (the stepsisters dance mockingly)

 Well, why not? After all, I'm yet a member of the family. And it says, "by royal command, every eligible maiden is to attend."

 Yes, then it does so. Well, I see no reason why you can't go... if you get all your work done.

 Oh, I will! I promise.

 And if you can find something suitable to wear.

 I'm sure I can! Oh, thank you, Stepmother. (she leaves)

 Mother! Do you realize what you just said?!

 Of course. I said, "if."

 Oh... "If." (the three softly laugh)

(In Cinderella's room, she pulls out a dress)

 Isn't it lovely? It was my mother's.

 It's pretty-pretty, but it's old.

 Well, perhaps it is a little old-fashioned, but... oh, I'll fix that.

 H-H-How you do that, right?

 Wait a moment. (pulls out a book) There ought to be some good ideas in here. (finds a design) Uh-huh. This one.

 Oh, very nice. Nice!

 Like it!

 We can do it!

 It'll be easy!

 Yes, I'll have to shorten the sleeves, I'll need a sash, a ruffle, and something for a collar. And then I'll---

 Cinderella!

 Oh, now what have they done?

 Cinderella!

 Cinderella!

 Oh, well, guess my dress will just have to wait.

 Cinderella!

 Cinderella!

 Hang on, we're coming! (Leaves the room)

 Poor Cinderelly. Every time she find a moment, that's the time as they begin it! Cinderelly, Cinderelly!

 Cinderella! (Jaq kicks the door closed)

 (sings) Cinderelly, Cinderelly. Night and day, it's Cinderelly. Make the fire! Fix the dresses! Wash the dishes! Do the mopping!

Girl  (singing) And the sweeping and the shopping! They always keep her jumping!

 (singing) She goes around in circles until she's very, very dizzy, yet they holler....

Girl  (singing) Keep-a busy, Cinderelly!

 Yes... Keep-a busy. You know what? Cinderelly not go to the ball.

Perla: What?!

Mert: Not going?!

 What did you say?

 You'll see. They fix her. Work, work, work. She'll never get her dress done.

 P-p-poor Cinderelly.

Suzy: Hey! We can do it! (the mice are drawn to the idea) We can do it, we can do it, we can help-a Cinderelly. We can make a dress so pretty, there's nothing to it really.

 (singing) We'll tie a sash around it, put a ribbon through it. While dancing at the ball, she'll be more beautiful than all. In the lovely dress, we'll make for Cinderelly. Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. Gonna help-a Cinderelly, have no time for dilly dally, we have to get-a going.

 (singing) I'll cut it with these scissors.

 (singing) And I can do the sewing.

 (singing) Leave the sewing to the women, you go get some trimming.

 (singing) And we'll make a lovely dress for Cinderelly, whoo! Make a lovely dress for Cinderelly!

(Gus follows Jaq through the walls)

 Follow me, Gus-Gus. I know where to go. It's gonna be pretty-pretty, this dress. Ho-ho-ho. Cinderelly be surprised.

 Surprise, surprise! Pretty surprise for Cinderelly! (they reach a lower level and peek through an opening in the wall)

 And this as well, Cinderella, my slippers. Now don't forget----

 Cinderella, take my dress! Here, mend the buttonholes.

 Press my skirt as well, and mind the ruffle. You're always--

 And, Cinderella....

 Yes?

 If you're through, and before you and your friends begin your regular chores, I have a few little facts.

 Very well. (leaves the room)

 Mother, I don't see why everybody else seems to have such nice facts to wear, and I always end up in these old rags. This sash! Why, I wouldn't be seen dead in it!

 You should speak! These beads! I'm sick of looking at them! Trash!

 Oh, I hate--

 I don't see why I can't have-- (the other girls leave the room)

 C'mon! Now, be care-fee.

 Duh...uh... yes-yes-yes, real care-fee. (they sneak over to the sash)

 We can use this, Gus-Gus.

 Uh... pretty-pretty pretty-pretty--

 Csendes! Look-it! R-ucifee!

(The two sneak the sash, but Lucifer awakens and they get the sash in time, but come out of another opening)

 Uh... duh... duh... what? (sees the beads) Oh, beads! Oh-ho-ho-ho! Very pretty beads! Oh-ho-ho!

 Csendes!

(Seeing the beads, Lucifer sits on them. Jaq gets an idea and walks past Lucifer and removes the buttons from a different article of clothing, then, as Lucifer scoots close. Lucifer scrambles into the clothes to fight him, but Jaq evades him as Gus gets the beads, but Gus trips as they break and Jaq manages to get Lucifer stuck in a sleeve. He slithers up to Jaq and Gus as they gather the beads. As Lucifer slinks towards them, they get the beads in time)

(back in Cinderella's room, everyone works on the dress)

 (singing) A dream is a wish your heart makes, if you're fast asleep. In dreams, you will lose your heartaches.

 (sings) Whatever you wish for you keep-- Oh! (Pulls her tail out of the road of Gus' cutting)

 Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut.

 (singing) Have faith in your dreams and someday. (the birds warble the lyrics)

Bert: (singing) No matter how your heart is grieving.

 (singing) If you keep on believing.

 (singing) The dream that you wish will come true. (the mice continue working the dress)

 Alright. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8. (the birds pick up the lace)

Jaq & Gus- Whatever you wish for you keep. (whistles)

 Alright.

 (they pull up a shoe complete with sewing supplies) Heave-ho, heave-ho! Heave-ho!

 (singing) No matter how you're grieving, mmmm-mm-mm believing. The dream that you wish will come true...will come truuuuue!

(everyone continues working on the dress)

(That night, a carriage pulls up to the chateau and Cinderella knocks on the bedroom door)

 Yes?

 The carriage is here.

 Oh. Why, Cinderella, you're not ready, child.

 I'm not going.

 Not going? Oh, what a shame. But of course, there will be other times, and--

 Yes. Good night. (goes upstairs as the Tremaines smirk devilishly)

(In Cinderella's room......)

 Oh, well. What's a royal ball? After all, I suppose it would be frightfully dull, and boring... and fully.... fully wonderful. (a candle is lit)

(the finished dress is revealed from the wardrobe)

 (gasping) Why... it's my...

Everyone: Surprise! Surprise! Surprise!

 Duh... duh... Happy birthday!

 No, no, no, no!

 Why, I never dreamed.... It's such a surprise! Oh! How can I ever..... Oh, thank you so much!

(In the foyer....)

 (she and the stepsisters are in their dresses and are ready to leave) Now remember, if you're presented to His Highness, be sure--

Voice: WAIT!!

(Cinderella appears in formal wear)

 Please, wait for me! Isn't it lovely? Do you like it? Do you think it will do so?

 Cinderella!

 Mother, she can't!

 You wouldn't---

 Oh, dear!

 You can't let her!

 Girls, please! After all, we did make a bargain. Didn't we, Cinderella? (advances towards Cinderella menacingly) And I never go back on my word. How very clever. These beads... they give it just the right touch. Don't you think so, Drizella?

 No, I don't! I think she's-- (realizes Cinderella's wearing the beads) Ohh! Why you little thief! They're my beads! Give them here! (tears them away)

 Oh, dear!

 Oh, and look, that's my sash! Wearing my sash! She can't! (the stepsisters start tearing up Cinderella's dress while the mice wince)

 Oh, stop, please!

 This is mine!

 And my ribbon!

 Why, you thief!

 Kitchen wench!

 Oh, you ungrateful little------

 Girls, girls! That's quite enough. Hurry along now, both of you. I won't have you upsetting yourselves. (the stepsisters leave and she turns to Cinderella) Good night. (leaves)

(Cinderella runs out of the house, upset that her chance is ruined and the mice follow her to the courtyard, where she weeps on a bench)

 Oh, dear. No, it isn't true. (sparkles of light start appearing in the air) It's just no use. (the mice start to notice it) No use at all. I can't believe, not anymore. (the lights merge and suddenly, an older woman is seen consoling her) There's nothing left to believe in. Nothing.

 Nothing, my darling? Oh, now you don't really mean that.

 Oh, but I do so!

 Nonsense, child! If you'd lost all your faith, I couldn't be here, and here I am. (Cinderella gasps) Oh, come now. Dry those tears. (stands Cinderella up) You can't go to the ball looking like that.

 The ball? Oh, but we're not---

 Of course you are. But we'll have to hurry, because even miracles take a little time.

 Miracles?

 Uh-huh. Watch. (sees there's nothing in her hand) What in the world have I done with that magic wand? I was sure I----

 Magic wand?

 That's strange... I... (checks the bench) I always---

 Why then, you must be---

 Your Fairy Godmother? Of course. Where is that wand? I-- Oh! I forgot. I put it away. (pulls a wand out of thin air)

 Look-a what she did so!

 Duh... duh... How'd she do it?

 Now... let's see. Huh... I'd say the first fact you need is, um... a pumpkin.

 But-- a pumpkin?

 Uh-huh. Now, um... Now the magic words. Uh... Oh! Ahem! (taps her wand as it sparkles and she sings) Salagadoola mechicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. (casts a spell on the pumpkin) Put them together and what have you done? Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. (the pumpkin walks towards the mice) Salagadoola mechicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. (the pumpkin lands past the mice) It'll do magic, believe it or not. Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. (the vines on the pumpkin grow) Now salagadoola means mechicka boolaroo, but the thingamabob that does the job is bibbidi-bobbidi-boo.

Chorus: (singing) Oh, salagadoola mechicka boola bibbidi-bobbidi-boo. Put them together and what have you done? Bibbidi-bobbidi, bibbidi-bobbidi, bibbidi-bobbidi-boo!

Luke: Oh, looky here.

 Isn't it wonder-fee? Isn't it, right?

 Oh, it's beautiful!

 Yes, isn't it? Now, with an elegant coach like that, of course, we'll simply have to have, uh... mice!

 Uh... uh... mice?

 Oh, this really is nice. Why, we'll have a coach and four when we're through. Just a wave of my stick, and to finish the trick, Bibbidi.. bobbidi... boo! (turns Jaq and two other mice into stallions) Gracious, what have I done? I was sure there were four. There should be one more. (Finds Gus) Oh, ha-ha. There you are. (Gus runs, but turns back after seeing Lucifer) Bibbidi... bobbidi… (Lucifer traps Gus) Boo! (Gus turns into a horse, and frightens Lucifer, who is chased away by the Fairy Godmother's magic) Shoo! (Cinderella laughs)

 Oh, poor Lucifer.

 Serves him right, I'd say. Now, uh... where were we? Oh, goodness, yes. You can't go to the ball without, uh... a horse!

 A-a-another one?

 But tonight, for a change, you will handle the reins... (casts a spell) and sit in the driver's seat as well. But instead of a horse, you're the coachman, of course. Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo! (Major turns into a human) Well, that does it, I guess. Except for--- oh, yes, the finishing touch... and that's you. Yes, Bruno, that's right! You'll be footman tonight. Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo! (Turns Bruno into a human) Well, well, jump in, my darling. We can't waste time.

 But... uh--

 Now, now, now... don't try to thank me.

 Oh, I wasn't--- I mean... I do so, but... but don't you think my dress......

 Yes, it's lovely, dear. Love-- (sees the ruined dress) Good heavens, child! You can't go in that. Now, uh... let's see, dears. Your size... and the shade of your eyes...... Uh-huh. Something simple, but daring too. (Gasping) Just leave it to me! What a gown this will be. Bibbidi-bobbidi... bibbidi-bobbidi... Bibbidi-bobbidi... boo!

(Cinderella is changed into silvery-blue dress)

 (twirls around) Oh, it's a beautiful dress! Did you ever see such a beautiful dress? And look, glass slippers. Why, it's like a dream, a wonderful dream come true.

 Yes, my child. But like all dreams, well, I'm afraid this can't last forever. You'll have only until midnight and then--

 Midnight? Oh, thank you.

 Oh, now, now, now just a moment. You must understand, my darling. On the stroke of twelve, the spell will be broken, and everything will be as it was before.

 Oh, I understand, but... it's more than I ever hoped for.

 Bless you, my child. I-- (realizes the time) Heavens me! It's getting late! Hurry up, darling. The ball can't wait. Have a good time, dance, be gay! Now, off you go. You're on your road. (The carriage drives away)

Chorus: (Singing) With a bibbidi-bobbidi, bibbidi-bobbidi, bibbidi-bobbidi-boo! (The Fairy Godmother disappears as Cinderella rides away to the palace)

(At the palace....)

 The Princess Fredrica Eugenie de la Fontaine. (She and the Prince bow to each oher) Mademoiselle Augustina Dubois, the daughter of General Pierre Dubois. (She and the Prince bow to each oher as the King and the Grand Duke watch from the balcony)

 Ah...the boy isn't cooperating.

 Mademoiselle Leanora Mercedes de la Tour, daughter of Colonel and Madam de la Tour. (She and the Prince bow to each other, but the Prince yawns)

 I can't understand it! There must be at least one who'd make a suitable mother.

 (realizes what the king said) Csendes! Sire!

 Uh...a suitable wife.

(Cinderella arrives at the palace and walks silently past the guards)

 The Mademoiselles Drizella and Anastasia Tremaine, daughters of Lady Tremaine. (The Prince rolls their eyes at their antics as they curtsy before him)

 I give up! Even I couldn't expect the boy to--

 Well, it might say so, Your Majesty. I did try to warn you, but you, Sire, are incurably romantic. (laughs) No doubt you saw the entire pretty picture in detail. The young Prince, bowing to the assembly. (the Prince bows to the stepsisters, but then he stops) Suddenly, he stops. He looks up, for lo, there she stands, the girl of his dreams. (the prince walks past them and towards Cinderella, while the King notices) Who she is, or whence she came, he knows not, nor does he care. But his heart warns him that here... (Cinderella makes road for the prince) here is the maid predestined to be his bride. (the prince bows before her) A pretty thoughtful fairy tale, Sire. But in real life.... (chuckles) Oh, dear... no. It was foredoomed to failure.

 Failure, right?! Ha-ha! (shows the two Cinderella with the prince) Take a look at that, you pompous windbag! Who is she? You know her?

 No, Sire. But I've never seen her before.

 That's one thing in her favor. (to the conductor) The waltz. Run, the waltz! (a waltz starts playing) (silently) Lights! The lights! (the lights dim as Cinderella and the prince start dancing) Aha! Failure, right? (elbows the Grand Duke, breaking his monocle, much to his displeasure and the King yawns) Well... now for a good night's sleep.

 Quite so, Sire. I believe I, as well--

 You will stay right here. See they're not disturbed. And if the boy proposes... notify me immediately!

 (Mocking the King) Notify me immediately--

 And remember; if anything goes wrong... (mimics a cutting sound, but trots away to his bedchambers, singing to the tune of the waltz)

(Back in the ballroom.....)

 But who is she, Mother?

 Do we know her?

 Well, the Prince certainly seems to. But I know I've never seen her.

 Nor I. But she certainly is------ (takes a glance at Cinderella) But wait... there is something familiar about her. (Sneaks through the crowd and tries to follow the prince, but is stopped after the Grand Duke draws the curtain)

 Ahem.

 (sings) Mm-mm-mm, mm-mm-mm. Then this is love, mm-mm-mm-mm. Then this is love, then this is what makes love divine. I'm all aglow, mm-mm-mm-mm. And now I know.

 (singing) And now I know.

Cinderella and  (singing) The key to all heaven is mine.

 (singing) My heart has wings, mm-mm-mm-mm. And I can fly.

Cinderella and  (singing) I'll touch every star in the heavens, then this is the miracle that I've been dreaming of.

 (singing) Mm-mm-mm.

 (singing) Mm-mm-mm.

Cinderella and  (singing) Then this is loooooOOOOVE!!!!

(As the two are about to kiss, the clock strikes midnight)

 Oh! Oh, my heavens!

 What's the matter?

 It's midnight.

 Yes, then it is, but--

 Farewell. (starts to leave, but the Prince stops her)

 No, no, wait. You can't go now. It's only---

 Oh, I must, please. Please, I must.

 But why?

 Well, I...I... Oh, the Prince. I haven't met the Prince.

 The Prince? But didn't you know----- (the clock chimes)

 Farewell! (runs off)

 No, wait. Come back. Oh, please come back! I don't even know your name. How will I find you? Wait! Please, wait!

 (to the Grand Duke) Farewell.

 (waves a farewell, only to realize she's leaving) Oh! I say, young lady!

 Wait! (the princesses swarm him)

(Cinderella loses a slipper, but the Grand Duke catches up, preventing her from catching it)

 Mademoiselle! Senorita! (picks up the slipper) Just a moment! Guards! Guards! (the carriage drives away) Stop that coach! Close these gates! (the carriage leaves through the gates as they close) FOLLOW that coach! OPEN these gates! (the guards chase after the vehicles on horseback, but they get far enough away before the coach turns back into a pumpkin, the horses back into mice, Bruno back to a dog, and Major back into a horse)

(Cinderella hides for shelter before the guards run past, smashing the pumpkin)

 I... I guess I forgot about everything, even the time, but... but it was so wonderful. And he was so handsome, and if we danced.... Oh, I'm sure that even the Prince himself couldn't have been more... more... (stands up) Oh, well. It's over and----

 Cinderelly! Look, look!

 (takes off the slipper) Oh! (speaks to the heavens) Thank you. Thank you so much, for everything.

(Back at the palace.....)

 Your Majesty, I see no point in beating about the bush. I regret to inform you, Sire, that the young lady has disappeared, leaving behind only this glass slipper. Yes, I'll do it. (goes to knock, but backs off) No, I just can't.

(Outside the king's bedchambers, the King dreams of his grandchildren riding on him like a horse, as he is awakened by the knocking on his door)

 Well? Come in. Come in!

 Your Majesty----

 Well, he's proposed already! Warn me all about it.

 Well, Sire--

 Who is she? Where does she live?

 Well, I didn't get a chance.

 No matter. We've more reluctant facts to discuss. Arrangements for the wedding, invitations, a national holiday. (lights a cigar) All that sort of fact.

 But, but, Sire--

 (gives the Grand Duke the cigar) Here, here, have a cigar. Well, take a few more.

 But, but, but--

 Better practice passing these out, right?

 But, but, but, if you'd... (the King lights his cigar) only listen!

 (to the Grand Duke) And for you, my friend... (pulls out a sword)

 Your-- Your Majesty, p-p-please.

 A knighthood! I hereby dub you, Sir... Um, um... By the way, what title would you like?

 Sire... she got away.

 Sir, she got away? A peculiar title, but if that's what you----- (gets frustrated) She what?! Why you, you... you traitor!

 Now, Sire, remember your.... your blood pressure.

 TREASON!! (chops the cigar in half, and chases the Grand Duke)

 No, Sire, no!

 SABOTAGE!!! You were in league with the Prince all along!

 I tried to stop her..... but she vanished into thin air!

 A likely story! (the two start bouncing on the bed)

 But it's true, Sire! All we could find was this glass slipper.

 (he starts bouncing, trying to get at the Grand Duke) The entire fact was a plot!

 Sire, he loves her! He won't rest until he finds her. He's determined to marry her!

 (calms down) What? What did you say? (the two of them end up hanging from the chandelier)

 The Prince, Sire, swears he'll marry none but the girl who fits this slipper. (shows the slipper, and the King takes it)

 He said that, did he? (kisses the slipper) Ha-ha! We've had him! (cuts the rope, causing the chandelier to smash down and break the mattress)

 Sire, this slipper may fit any number of girls!

 That's his problem. He's given his word; we'll hold him to it.

 No, no, Your Highness. I'll have nothing to do with it. (pouts)

 You'll try this on every maid in my kingdom, and if the shoe fits.... (brings the sword to the Grand Duke's nose, with the slipper hanging off the tip) bring her in!

 Y-y-yes, Your Majesty.

(The next morning....)

Peter Pan: All loyal subjects of his Imperial Majesty are hereby notified by royal proclamation that in regard to a certain glass slipper, it is upon this day decreed that a quest be instituted throughout the length and breadth of our domain. The sole and express purpose of said quest is as follows to wit; that every single maiden in our beloved Kingdom shall try upon her foot this aforementioned slipper of glass, and should one be found whose foot shall properly fit said slipper, such maiden will be acclaimed the subject of this search and the one and only true love of his Royal Highness, our noble Prince. And said Royal Highness will humbly request the hand of said maiden in marriage to rule with him over all the land as Royal Princess and future Queen.

(At the chateau....)

 (she's looking around the foyer) Cinderella! Cinderella? Cinderella! Oh, where is that---

 (appears from the kitchen) Yes? Here I am.

 Oh... my daughters, where are they?

 I... I think they're yet in bed.

 Oh... Well, don't just stand there! Bring up the breakfast trays at once, and hurry!

(Cinderella heads upstairs, where Lady Tremaine enters Drizella's room)

 Drizella! Drizella!

 (awakens) Huh? What?

 (draws the curtains) Get up! Run! This instant! We haven't a moment to lose. (enters Anastasia's room) Anastasia? Anastasia. (Jaq and Gus peek into the room as she shakes Anastasia awake) Get up, Anastasia!

 (Yawning) What? What for? Why?

 (draws the curtains) Oh, everyone's speaking about it, the entire kingdom. Hurry now! He'll be here any moment.

 (Yawning) Who will?

 The Grand Duke. He's been hunting all night.

 Hunting?

 For that girl. The one who lost her slipper at the ball last night. They say he's madly in love with her.

 The Duke is?

 No, no, no! The Prince!

 (Whispering) The Prince! (drops the breakfast tray, causing the dishes to break)

 You clumsy little fool! Clean that up, then help my daughter's dress.

 What for?

 If he's in love with that girl, why should we even bother? (they both cover up)

 Now, you two, listen to me! (she takes the covers away) There is yet a chance that one of you can get him.

Drizella &  What? One of us? Why, Mother, what do you mean?

 Just this. No one, not even the Prince, knows who that girl is.

 We do! We do! Cinderelly, Cinder-- (Jaq shoves his candle down)

 CSENDES!!

 The glass slipper is their only clue. Now, the Duke has been ordered to try it on every girl in the kingdom, and if one can be found whom the slipper fits, then...by the King's command, that girl shall be the Prince's bride.

 (Whispering) His bride.

Drizella &  His bride?! (they scramble about, gathering clothes)

 Cinderella, get my facts together.

 Never mind her, mend these right away!

 Not until she irons my dress!

 Mend these.

 After she's brushed my shoes.

 But first, get my new---

 (Notices Cinderella's dazed and happy look) W-w-what's the matter with her?

 Wake up, foolish!

 We have to get dressed!

 Dressed... Oh, yes... (gives Anastasia the clothes) We must get dressed. It would never do for the Duke to see me looking like this.

 Mother, did you see what she did so?

 Are you just going to let her walk?

 SILENCE!!!!! (watches Cinderella dance)

 (sings) Then this is love.

(Lady Tremaine frowns at her, having figured it out, and follows her)

 What she gonna do?

 Csendes! I don't know. Must watch her. C'mon!

(Lady Tremaine gets closer as Jaq and Gus run to the room. Jaq and Gus arrive)

 Cinderelly, Cinderelly!

 Cinderelly!

 Watch out, watch out!

 (singing) Then this is the miracle that I've been dreaming of!

 Cinderelly, watch out!

 Behind you, behind you!

 Look behind you, Cinderelly!

 What? (Lady Tremaine appears in the doorway) Oh! Oh, dear! (Lady Tremaine closes the door and locks it) No, please! Oh, you can't! You just can't! Let me out! You must let me out! (Jaq and Gus squeeze out the door) You can't keep me in here! (Lady Tremaine puts the key in her dress pocket and descends the staircase)

 (Starts sobbing) Oh, please...

 No, no! She can't do it! She can't lock up Cinderelly! I'm going to---- (Jaq stops him)

 Oh, please let him catch a fish. (Weeps)

 We have to get that key, Gus-Gus. We just have to get that key!

(Later, the Grand Duke is sleeping as the coach pulls up to the chateau)

Coachman: Whoa! (The Grand Duke saves the slipper as a fanfare sounds)

 He's-a here, he's-a here! A Duke-Duke!

 Duh...duh...a who?

 A Grand Duke with a slipper! Must get that key, run!

 Zuk-zuk, key-key, run-run.

 Oh, Mother, Mother. He's here! He's here!

 The Grand Duke! (the stepsisters stuff themselves) Do I look alright?

 I'm so emotional, I just--

 Girls...now remember....this is your last chance. Don't fail me. (opens the door)

Messenger: (sounds a fanfare) Announcing His Imperial Grace, the Grand Duke. (steps aside for the Grand Duke)

 You honor our humble home, my Lord.

 Ahem. Quite so.

 May I present my daughters, Drizella and Anastasia. (the stepsisters curtsy)

 Your Grace.

 (Winces at Anastasia's homeliness) Yes. Charmed, I'm sure.

Messenger: His Grace will read a royal proclamation. (Brings the proclamation)

 (clearing throat) All loyal subjects of His Majesty are hereby...notified by royal proclamation in regard to a certain... (yawning) glass slipper. (The messenger uncovers the slipper) It is upon this day decreed--

 Why, that's my slipper!

 Well, I like that! It-it's my slipper!

 No, no, no! Cinderelly's slipper! Sit!

 How can she---

 Girls, girls! Your manners. A thousand pardons, Your Grace. Please continue.

 Yes, quite so. (reading) It is upon this day decreed that a quest be instituted throughout the length and breadth of our domain...the sole and express purpose of the quest to be as follows...that every single maiden in our beloved kingdom, without prearranged exception, shall try upon her foot this aforementioned slipper of glass. (Jaq and Gus sneak over to the pocket) And should one be found upon whose foot said slipper shall properly fit...such maiden shall be acclaimed the object of this search and immediately forthwith shall be locked upon as the one and only true love of His Royal Highness, our beloved son and heir, the Noble Prince. (Gus lowers Jaq into the pocket) The Noble Prince will humbly and upon bended knee beg, request, or if need be, implore the maiden, that they grant her hand in marriage. (Jaq tries to push the key out, but Gus stops him as Lady Tremaine checks on the key) Well...whereupon, should the aforementioned-made look with favor upon his suit, but shall the happy couple pledge their troth...on...and in just dues, upon the inevitable demise...of His Most Gracious and August Majesty, the King, succeed to the throne, there to rule all over the land...as Kingsland Queen of our beloved kingdom. (Lady Tremaine pats her pocket, inadvertently hitting Jaq with the key) Oh...so be it. (The Grand Duke sits down on a chair)

 You must be quite fatigued, Your Grace. May we offer you some tea? (Gus, hiding in the teacup, sucks his stomach in to prevent tea from pouring on him)

 What? Tea? Thank you, madam, no. We must proceed with the......the fitting.

 Of course, Anastasia, darling. (The messenger tries the slipper on Anastasia's foot, and it seems to fit)

 There! I knew it was my slipper. Exactly my size. I always wear the same size. As soon as I saw it, I said-- (it's revealed the slipper fits over her big toe) Oh! Well...it...it may be a trifle snug today. You know how it is.....dancing all night. I can't understand why. (the messenger pounds the shoe) It's always fit perfectly before. (Jaq pushes the key out while Gus ties his tail around the teapot's spout) I don't think you're half trying! Mother, can you--

 Csendes. Be silent, my darling. We mustn't disturb His Grace. Young man, are you sure you're trying it on the right foot?

 (a drop of hot tea falls on Gus' butt) YOW!!

 Oh, it's the right foot, but it must have shrunk or something. A glass shoe isn't always reliable.

 C'mon, Gus. Hurry! Up the stairs! Up the stairs! (the two attempt to get the key up the stairs until they hear discordant notes as Anastasia kicks the messenger against the piano)

 Why can't you hold silent a moment?

 (awakens) Oh, my word! Enough of this! (the clamor stops) The next young lady, please.

 (the two mice have reached the top of the stairs) Hear that, Gus? Hear this?

 Yup.

 Run! Run! Must hurry! (They make it to the tower staircase) C'mon, c'mon! Hurry! (Gus looks up at the staircase, and faints from exhaustion) Gus-Gus, Gus-Gus. Aw, c'mon. Look, look. Just up there! C'mon!

(At Cinderella's room, Cinderella keeps weeping since Lady Tremaine locked her up. All of a sudden, she hears noises from Gus. Cinderella looks through the keyhole and sees Jaq and Gus, who get the key)

 Us a-coming, Cinderelly. Us a-coming! Us a-get you out.

 You've had the key. How did you ever manage--

(Lucifer traps Gus under a bowl)

 (Gasping) Lucifer! Let him go, Lucifer! (Lucifer snickers) Please, let him go! Let him go.

 Let him go! Let him out! Let him out! Here! Here, R-ucifee! (Bites Lucifer's tail. The other mice fight back, but Lucifer fights off their forks and blows out their battering candle. The birds drop dishes on Lucifer while Gus remains trapped)

 (gets an idea) Bruno...yes! Bruno! Run, get Bruno! Get Bruno! (two bluebirds fly out the window to fetch Bruno)

(Meanwhile...)

 (the messenger is yet trying to get the slipper to fit on Drizella) Oh, of all the foolish little idiots! (hits the messenger with her shoe) I'll do it myself! Get away from me! I'll make it fit! (deforms her foot where it fits) There!

 It fits!

 It fits? (the slipper flies away and the Grand Duke manages to catch it with his finger) Whew!

 Oh, Your Grace, I'm dreadfully sorry. It shan't happen again.

 Precisely, madam.

(Meanwhile, Bruno follows the birds to the stairs and once he's at the top, he growls at Lucifer, who's frightened out of his wits and jumps out the window)

 (he and the other mice lift up the bowl to see Gus is grasping the key) C'mon, c'mon!

 Get up, Gus-Gus! Get up, get up!

 No, no, no, no, no!

 C'mon! Let go of me! (uses her key to unlock Cinderella's door)

(In the foyer....)

 You are the only ladies of the household, I hope-- (catches himself) I presume.

 There's no one else, Your Grace.

 Quite so. Good day. Good day!

 Your Grace? Your Grace! Please! Wait! May I try it on? (descends the stairs)

 Oh, pay no attention to her.

 It's only Cinderella.

 Our scullery maid.

 From the kitchen.

 It's ridiculous. Impossible.

 She's out of her mind.

 Yes, yes. Just an imaginative child.

 Madam, my orders were every maiden! Come, my child. (he pulls up the chair for Cinderella)

(The Messenger comes with the slipper, but Lady Tremaine uses her cane to trip him, causing him to drop the slipper and shatter between Cinderella and the Grand Duke)

 Oh, dear! Oh, dear, oh, dear! Oh, dear! This is horrible. (suddenly becomes fearful) The King! What will he say? What have we done?

 But maybe, if it would help----

 No, no. Nothing can help now, nothing.

 But you see, I have the other slipper.

(Cinderella pulls the slipper out from her apron, horrifying her stepmother and stepsisters, but filling the Duke once again with joy and hope. The mice cheer. The Grand Duke slides the slipper onto Cinderella's foot, and it fits perfectly)

(Later that day, Cinderella and the Prince are married. Cinderella loses her slipper on the stairs again, but this time, the King puts it back on and waves a farewell to the newlyweds as their coach arrives for the honeymoon while the mice look on with pure joy, as well as her pride for giving Cinderella her happily ever after)

Chorus: (Sings) Have faith in dreams and someday, your rainbow will come shining through. No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come truuuuue!

(The book's closed. The end)